All-For-One
===========

Power-from-on-high

FREEDOM…..July 2, 2008. My testimony of the amazing Grace and Faithfulness of Jesus Christ, His saving power, and how my life was changed forever because of His Love….. To outsiders I grew up a seemingly normal life, attending Church and being enrolled in Christian private schools from grade school until 7th grade. My life was far from normal though. My family was very dysfunctional. My mom who was battling drug and alcohol addiction left our home and our family when I was 4 years old, and for the most part was absent from our lives until she died. I can remember there being a whole lot of chaos and turmoil in our home as a child, but I also remember being very happy when I was in school, where I was brought up to know who The Lord Jesus Christ was. I had been exposed to marijuana and alcohol at the age of 6 where it was frequently used in my home by my older siblings, and as I grew older using drugs and alcohol would become a sure and destructive way I learned to escape the pains in life that I was about to endure as I hit my teenage years. I lost 5 family members from 1983 to 1987. I was 11 years old when tragedy struck for the first time, my Grandfather who I was very close to lost his life to cancer, and two years later in 1985 my Grandmother passed away after spending a short period of time in a convalescent home. The worst of all these tragedies and turning point in my life happened in 1986 when my brother Brian whom I loved dearly, who was just 20 years old, was stabbed and killed while high on drugs and committing a crime. It was by far the worst year of my life. The next few years would soon become the darkest years of my childhood as one after another the people who I loved lost their lives, and I fell into a severe depression that I could not overcome. My brother Brian had battled drug and alcohol addiction from an early age and was never able to get a grip on his life. Five months after my brother was killed my stepmom whom I was very close to died also, from lung cancer, and six months after that my mom also died from cancer (a brain tumor). At that point I had totally lost my will to live and stopped caring about life altogether. I turned to a life of alcohol and drug addiction, to escape what I was feeling, not knowing how much destruction it would cause me as I grew older. I lost all touch with God, and Jesus became just a distant memory. He was the only life I had really known that brought me any kind of happiness as a child. My life became very dark after that, and year after year as my addiction progressed, my life continued to spiral downward into despair. I used drugs on a daily basis, and the more I tried to fix myself the angrier I became and the more hopeless I was. I rebelled against all authority and began getting in trouble with the law, first in and out of juvenile halls, jail, and then finally ending up in prison. In 1994 before I went to prison I had moved to Arizona, trying to get clean and a handle on my life, but after only a couple months I fell again and ended up back on drugs. I had been arrested 2 times which landed me in jail and on my 3rd jail term in 1995 I was about to be sentenced to 3 years in prison when the court system in Phoenix, AZ. gave me an option. Instead of a 3 year prison term they offered me a year in a program called Teen Challenge. I took their offer knowing it would get me out of going to prison and so after a few more months in jail I was released to enter Teen Challenge. In all reality it was The Lord trying to save my life and spare me from any more destruction, but I had no idea that it was God, and I made another horrible mistake by running away from Teen Challenge after only a couple days. I was now on the run and going to prison for sure. One night a few months later, two guys I had met on the streets of Phoenix Arizona and had been getting high with, pulled an armed robbery and I ended up in possession of the vehicle they took in the crime. I was finally caught about two weeks later and charged with the theft of the car that was used in the armed robbery, and after sitting in jail for 2 weeks I was called to court at 4 in the morning to be arraigned again for new charges. I was now charged with the armed robbery I had no idea had even happened. All my bad choices had finally caught up with me. There was no way for me to prove my innocence, and I was told by my public defender if I went to trial and lost I would spend 35 to 37 years in prison. I had no choice but to sign a "no contest" plea agreement for ten and a half years that the district attorney had offered me, instead of taking a chance on a jury trial. I stood up in front of the judge on sentencing day, told him they were sending me to prison for a crime I did not commit, but because I had signed the plea agreement, the judge said there was nothing he could do but sentence me to what I had agreed to. I spent the next 10 years of my life in prison, from 1997 to 2006. Survival of the fittest in that world, to stay alive, meant joining a gang, doing things I didn’t want to do, but had to, to show loyalty, and to survive. I learned real quick in prison that you had to be strong no matter what the cost and do whatever you were asked to do by the older convicts. I did most of my time on high level prison yards, around the most violent and dangerous men society had to offer. Stabbings, brutal assaults and even death were a normal part of everyday life in prison, a place filled with darkness and where there was very little hope at all. In 2001, 4 years into my prison term, tragedy struck my life again, my dad who was all I had left died at the age of 64 of ALS (Lou Gherigs Disease). My dad was the one person who was always there for me no matter what happened. I loved him with all my heart and it was another battle I had to face, trying to deal with his death in a place where you never show any kind of weakness or emotion. It was one of the hardest things I had to go through and further I went into my drug addiction and darkness. I was finally released from prison in 2006. I had made it out without a scratch thanks to God, who I know now had made things come to pass in my life that way. I was very lost when I got home, the outside world that I had lost touch with for so many years was very different. I was having a really hard time adjusting, not knowing how to function in the real world, and I was still living without hope, in darkness without The Lord. Eight months later I was back on drugs and back in prison for a year violation, and then released again in the later part of 2007. In May 2008, back on drugs again, I was arrested and faced another felony. I sat in Ventura County Jail in California, this time when I went to court I was told by my public defender that I was being struck out by the state of California, that this case was my third strike, and I was going to be spending the rest of my life in prison. I had nothing more to lose, my life was completely over. I would never see the light of day outside of prison walls and all I could think every day was that I would never see the real world again, that I was gonna die in prison, and that there was nothing after that. I started to have thoughts about suicide, rather than be locked down for the rest of my life. I had done too much time already and didn’t want to live like that anymore. It seemed at that time my only option, to just end it all, to be done with life, until I walked up to a table outside of my jail cell and picked up the only book that was sitting there, “The Purpose Driven Life" by Rick Warren.....A light went on and I instantly remembered back in 2003 I had a neighbor in prison who was a Christian. His name was Brian and he had tried a few times to talk to me about God and once tried to get me to read that book, but I was too caught up in the politics of prison and gang life at that point to even consider anything he was saying. That night when I saw the same book on that table in county jail, and after everything that was happening in my life, The Lord began to set me free, and I was completely blown away, because I knew that God was real and I knew He wanted me to live. Only God could have set things up the way that it happened. So that night, in that county Jail I took that book to my cell and after a few days, July 2 2008, I prayed and asked God to forgive me, for Jesus to save my life, and the most profound thing that has ever happened in my life happened to me at that very moment. I wept tears that I had kept inside for so many years, for all the pain I had endured, for every wrong I had ever done, and for the way I had been living my life. He freed me that night, freed from all that was weighing me down, freed me from my past, and from everything that was hurting me inside. I had been told by doctors in the past that I was bi-polar and a manic depressive, and that I needed to be on medication, I guess that’s why for so many years I used drugs to try to correct it, and I had lived with the truth of what they labeled me with for 22 years, never believing I would feel normal again unless I was high, but the day I gave my life to Jesus Christ was the day He healed me and I am free from depression today because of it. Jesus touched my life and my heart that night in a way that no one ever could. He got through to me, and my life would be changed forever in the blink of an eye because of it. My heart started to soften as I started praying and reading The Bible, slowly learning what I knew as a child growing up so long ago, that Jesus loved me and that I had a Father in Heaven who cared dearly about me and about my life. I started to realize that I wasn’t alone and that Jesus was there with me, that He had always been there with me, even in the darkest times of my life when I thought I was all alone He was there, and I knew that God was about to help me turn my life around for good. He was showing me who I really was. God touched my life in that county jail and I knew I would never be the same again. After about a month God started speaking to me about Teen Challenge and I had no idea why. I realized as the months went by that God completes what He starts and that nothing is chance or coincidence. He never gave up on me and He had a plan for my life, a future and a hope which included the Ministry of Teen Challenge. After The Lord saved me I started to look back on all the years of my life and I could see clearly, all the times He was there, all the times He saved me from death, all the times He made sure I would survive. I know now it wasn’t chance or coincidence that “The Purpose Driven Life” was there on that table that night for me. As time went on The Lord changed my heart and that hard convict that I had become died, gone forever. I found the truth and it gave me more happiness and love than I had ever felt before in my life. I was sitting in jail facing a life sentence, and it didn’t matter to me anymore, I was free and starting my life over again. Eight months later after many prayers, going back and forth to court, trusting God, I was given back my life with a second chance. The Lord knew my heart, He knew I wanted to give up that life forever and He helped me to do that. Instead of life in prison, I got mercy in that courtroom by the Grace of God. Two of my strikes were struck down, the strikes I had received in Arizona, and I ended up being offered a plea agreement for 2 and a half years in prison instead of a life sentence. It was a miracle, a gift that went beyond my understanding..... In July of 2009 I was released from prison and started my new life outside those prison walls forever. August 2010, I was released from parole a year and 11 months early by God’s Will, another miracle, and in September 2010 I entered through the doors of Teen Challenge to finish what The Lord had started in my life 15 years earlier. I graduated Teen Challenge in December 2011 and was given the opportunity by The Lord to attend The Teen Challenge Ministry Institute, a one year Bible college and staff training center that prepares students for Ministry and the work of Teen Challenge. I graduated the Bible college on December 23rd 2012 and was called by The Lord to Teen Challenge of the Hawaiian Islands. I am also now a part of a prison ministry that goes into state jails and prisons to deliver the message of salvation to all who will answer the call of God. All this and much more God has accomplished in my life and the best is yet to come. No matter who you are or where you’ve been in life or what you have done, Jesus will answer your call, saving anyone who comes to Him and wants to be saved, anyone who wants to change their life, and because of that, and so many other amazing things that God has shown me, my life has been changed forever. I went from a 22 year drug addict ex-convict, who was hopeless and had nothing to live for, to someone who was saved by the Love of Jesus Christ and given a brand new life. I have a hope and a future I never dreamed I could have, and it’s all because of Him. The greatest thing in this world is to know and experience the Love and Forgiveness that Jesus has for us, and that no matter where we've been or what we've done in the past, He will help us turn our lives around if we let Him, and the best part is He takes us any way we come to Him. Today and everyday I’m grateful that God reached out to me before it was too late....I am a living testimony of The Power Of Jesus Christ to save and change a life that was lost with no hope. Nothing is impossible for God.    
 
"For I Know The Plans I Have For You Declares The Lord, Plans To Prosper You And Not To Harm You, Plans To Give You Hope And A Future"  Jeremiah 29:11
                                                          
                                           --JESUS CHRIST IS LORD-
Giving your life to Jesus Christ, putting your faith and trust in Him alone is a decision only you can make. It is the most important decision you will ever make in your life. You're eternal destination hangs in a balance by the decision you make concerning the message of salvation. If you would like to know the Love of God and begin a true relationship with Jesus Christ today, you can start by calling on Him right now in prayer, asking Him to come into your life, to be you're Lord and Savior. This prayer will not save you but it is the start of your journey. True commitment to Jesus Christ, total surrender of your life to Him and all you have been living for up to now, is what will save you.  
{Father I want to know You . I believe You sent Jesus, to die as payment for my sins. I believe You raised Him from the dead, so that I could have Eternal Life. I confess to You that I have sinned against You and I'm asking You to forgive me of all my sin and cleanse me from all unrighteousness. I confess to you today that Jesus Christ is Lord. Jesus, come into my life now and be My Savior and Lord. I give my life to You. Baptize me and fill me with Your Holy Spirit and empower me to live a holy and blameless life. Its in Your Name Lord Jesus I pray, Amen} If you just prayed that prayer from your heart, and you have made a decision to follow Jesus Christ and live for God, you are now on the road to eternal life. I encourage you to tell someone right away about your New Life in Christ and also to find a Bible believing church. I also encourage you most importantly to get a Bible and begin reading in the New Testament. Spend time in Gods Word. God Bless You......
 
   
  
